In this lesson we're going to create a
couple of endpoints for answer resource.
This time we're not going to create a brand
new controller like we did before. Instead
we're going to copy our existing controller into our API folder.
Then we're going to make some changes on it. After that
we're going to make a couple of tests for that endpoints.
All right
before moving on let me go to my terminal
and then create a new branch for this lesson.
All right let's go to app
Http controllers then copy this answers
Controller
go to Api folder then paste the file inside
in this file
we need to adjust the namespace. On that
we just add Api. Also we gotta add the base controller's
namespace because this answers controller now
no longer in the same namespace with the this controller
now inside this class
we don't need this constructor because now we use
auth:api and we've done that in the route level
we can skip this method for now and we'll come back
here once we have created and brand new resource
for the answer
here in store method we can remove the if statement
as well as the return review
we no longer need this edit method.
So let's get rid of this.
Next
let's do almost the same thing in this method remove the if
statement
fix the indentation
and remove the return view
and last
Let's also get rid of
the if statement
In this method
also this return view
All right let's create a brand new resource
for transforming our answer model.
Let's head over to our terminal and generate
a brand new resource by saying php artisan
make resource answer resrouce.
Let's often the answer resource
now since the content for this answer resource has almost
the same structure with question details resource.
So let's open that file
and grab this whole lines
back to answer resource
paste here and let's make a bit change
to this structure
All right
now let's switch back to answers controller at the
top let's import the answer resource namespace
then here in the index method
firstly we can assign this command into a variable I'll call it answer
then add a new line. In this line we can simply return
answer resource collection and put the answer variable
in
here I'll change the variable to plural
also in store method
we can put this answer variable in new answer resource.
All right
I think that's all we need for this controller.
Now the next thing that we need to do is
to define some routes for this controller.
Let's open up api dot php
then here we can simply duplicate this route
let's change the URI to questions dot answers
and change the control reference to Api
answer
controller and here we still need the index action
So let's get rid of the excerpt from here.
All right
let's save all changes.
something went wrong in and answers controller.
Let me see that
I'm sorry
I made typo here it should be
`use` save. And now
let's make some tests in postman. All right here
let's create a new folder
I'll call it answers.
Now here we can duplicate this display all questions
then I'll move it here
and then I'll rename it to display all answers
here the method is get the path is gonna be
api questions one answers. Let me hit the send
button
sorry I made mistake in my routes. So let me go back to my editor
actually here we need to exclude the index method. So
I'll undo the change instead we need to have the index
route outside of auth:api. Duplicate this line
so the URI is going to be questions
question answers like so. And it should be
refer to Api answers controller
let me save this. Back to postman hit the send button again
OK
here I get the expected response it contains some answers.
OK let me save this by hitting this save button. Next
let's test the create answer endpoint. Here we can simply
duplicate this test request by hitting this down arrow
then hit save as option the request name is gonna be create
an answer
And we'll save it in answers folder and
then hit "save to answers" button.
Let's change the http method to post the URL is still the same.
We don't need to make any changes here.
Let's go to headers option and specify in column
Accept while in value column is gonna be application json.
let's also specify authorization
in value
It's gonna be bearer
let me go to get token
and hit the send button.
Let me copy the access token here
back to this request pass it in here and then hit the send button.
here I get error message because I did not provided the answer
body. Let's go to body section hit  the raw option
This is gonna be json and here let me to define the body
this is an answer
submitted
from postman.
Let's hit the send button.
Now I get
OK status
success message along with new answer I just created.
Let's save this then hit save as to duplicate the
request. Let's rename this to update
an answer
and then hit this save to answers.
Let's change the Http method to patch or put
then change the url by specifying  the answer.
We can grab that from here
then in body I'll say
I update my answer.
Let's hit the send button
okay
the answer has been updated successfully.
Let's save this request.
And then make the last request to test delete endpoint.
Let's save this request
Here I'll call it as delete an answer
and hit this save button. Then here
let's change http method to delete and I think we
don't need to make any change. In the body section
we can keep it or we can optionally
remove it by choosing this none option.
Just hit the send button
OK
the answer has been removed
successfully
All right
So now that we have complete endpoints for answer resource.
So until this point we now have some endpoints for
questions and answer resources. In the next couple of
lessons
we're gonna make other endpoints such as voting
question or answer favoriting question and so on.
So see you there.